# Pinching-Antenna
This code package is related to the following article: 
Mohammadzadeh, S., Cumanan, K., Li, C., & Ding, Z. (2025). [Efficient Downlink Power Allocation for NOMA-Based Pinching-Antenna Systems](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/11186151). IEEE Wireless Communications Letters.

# Abstract:
Pinching-antenna (PA) systems have gained attention for efficiently reconfiguring wireless channels in a low-cost manner. In this architecture, multiple antennas share a common waveguide and must be fed with the same signal, which motivates the application of non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA). In this letter, we present a power allocation framework aimed at minimizing the total transmit power in a downlink NOMA system equipped with multiple PAs. We formulate an optimization problem that minimizes the total transmit power subject to the user’s individual service constraints. Our approach employs superposition coding at the base station (BS) and successive interference cancellation (SIC) at users to efficiently decode their signals. This strategy allows multiple users to be served simultaneously, enhancing spectral efficiency. Simulations demonstrate that power allocation notably enhances system throughput and user fairness over conventional methods.

# Content of Code
The paper contains four simulation figures; Figures 2 and 3 are generated by the MATLAB script Pinching_Antenna_NOMA.m.
Figure 4 can be generated using the Matlab script in Outage_Far_User_Letter.m

# Acknowledgements
This work was supported by the UK Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) under grant number EP/X01309X/1.
# License and Referencing
If you in any way use this code for research that results in publications, please cite our original article listed above.



